introducing mission control the
real-time social control room designed
to listen to engage and activate an
entire nation around its single biggest
sporting event
from deep in the stadium at each game
every tweet post image and video was
captured analyzed ranked and responded
to in real time from politicians
sporting stars and celebs right through
to our true fans we responded with
custom content
rewarding conversation
amplifying reach
leveraging influences
and putting the game's social commentary
in the hands of our fans
we generated unprecedented engagement
and social reach with over a billion
impressions of origin hashtags on
twitter mission control delivered and
the nrl staked its claim as a global
digital leader